Secrets of the Propagand-EYE
----------------------------
Overview
	The small blinking device you hold now in your hands is a gateway to new possibilities allowed by small computers.
	Here we use an ATMEGA328 (made by Microchip, 2K RAM, 32K FLASH, 2K EEPROM)
	Software running on this device does the following:
		Manages many effects.  In real-time!
		Stores user data in backup memory (EEPROM).
		Allows for reading and re-writing of user data via serial port.
		"Talks" to nearby devices using a custom infra-red language.
		Allows for simple control by user using an innovative single button SmartControl(tm)
	Genes:
		A gene is made up of:
			A dance.
			Family colors.
		
		Devices are born with one birth-gene.
		No two devices should have the same birth-gene.
		That is, the dance and/or colors the Propagand-EYE is born with are unique.
		
		This birth-gene is offered to nearby devices.
		If a nearby device already has accepted that birth-gene.
			It flashes RED
			Its gene list remains unchanged
		If a nearby device does not have this birth-gene.
			It flashes WHITE
			It waits 5 seconds for a human user to briefly push BUTTON
				If BUTTON is pushed then birth-gene is added to gene list.
				Collect 'em all.
		And so... genes spread through the population.
		Remember, you can only offer your birth-gene.
		Genes you may have collected during your life can not be given to others.  If someone wants a gene you have collected, they will have to go find that birth-gene, or haxorz their baby using the serial console.
						

ColorFlash indicators
	Red - I already have that gene being offered.
	White - I am ready to accept the gene being offered.
	Green - I love u! Moar!
	Blue - Another Propagand-EYE reset my base-gene. Naughty!
	
Button Presses:
	Normal Mode:
		If new gene has not been seen in a while.
			Button press will switch between genes in your gene list.  This list includes your birth-gene.
			TIP: Can you remember what your birth-gene was? If not, turn device off/on.  You will wake up with your birth-gene.
			BTW all genes you have collected will still be there after you turn off/ replace battery/ reassemble.
		If gene has been seen in the last 5 seconds, and I don't have it yet.
			Momentary button press will accept gene.  It will be added to gene list. WARNING: Runaway luv-fest may occur. Can you reach the climax?
		Long press of button (10 to 30 secs) will enter Master Mode.  Don't be rude!  Respect your friends and lovers!
		Really long press (30 to 120 secs) will wipe your genes. Do it again to bring them back.  This served a purpose once during the design stage.  Now it's kinda useless.
		
		
	Master Mode:
		If in "annoying white flash" mode (select gene)
			Momentary button press will select the next dance, and choose random colors.
			Long press (1 to 5 secs) will enter setgene mode.  Red pulses start.
			Very long press (10 to 30 secs) will exit Master Mode, and return to Normal Mode
			On/Off switch is much faster way to accomplish the above.
		If in "aggressive red pulsing" mode (set gene)
			Momentary button press will exit back to select gene mode.
			
Serial commands:
	Propagand-EYE expects 115200 baud, with Newline line endings.
	From shell you can:
		screen /dev/ttyUSB? 115200
		? = whatever your serial interface got assigned as.  
			dmesg | tail 
			may help find it.
		press ctrl+A followed by K to exit
	Serial commands are one-letter long.
	All dancing will stop after a serial command is entered.
	Numerical values are entered in decimal.
	[p] program:
		will set numgenes in gene list to whatever the last gene # programmed.
		so... if you program gene #10, the gene list length will be set to 10.
		this feature can be used to recover lost genes.
			let's say someone had 10 genes.  But then they got zapped by "master mode" and lost them all.
			if you just program gene 11 to something the gene-list length will be set to 11.
			A new CRC will be written FOR ALL GENES 0 to 11.
			Now all genes will be back.  Along with a new gene # 11 that you just typed in.
	[b] reboot:
		sometimes a reboot is needed for changes to gene-list to be seen.
	[m] fallout 4 for ATMEGA328 is still loading... please wait.
			
			
Dances:
    0 loading  
    1 spider  
    2 spider2 
    3 cylon   
    4 cylon2  
    5 zigzag  
    6 infinity 
    7 portal  
    8 portal2  
    9 smiley  
    10 poolofradiance  
    11 eyeblink  
    12 pacmania  
    13 pacgame   
    14 stephen  
    15 hypnotoad  

Colors:
    1 -  {RED,BLUE,CYAN,YELLOW,    L_CYAN,L_YELLOW,L_RED,L_BLUE},
    2 -  {RED,CYAN,GREEN,MAGENTA,    L_GREEN,L_MAGENTA,L_RED,L_CYAN},
    3 -  {YELLOW,GREEN,BLUE,MAGENTA,    L_BLUE,L_MAGENTA,L_YELLOW,L_GREEN},
    4 - fire and Ice
    5 - Ice and Fire
    6 - rainbow
    7 - reverse rainbow
    8 - Spring 
    9 - Princess 
    10 - Broncos - for Joel's DAD.
    11 - coder colorz 0x1
    12 - coder colorz 0x2
    13 - ummm... not sure.  but looks nice!
    14 - pure RED / CYAN
    15 - pure MAGENTA / GREEN
    16 - pure BLUE / YELLOW   -- unfortunately this will not appear in the population. Unless MASTER MODE happens to force it!

    
    
Propagand-EYE: crafted with love in support of the creative community.
